add Feature Engineering book and Ethereum Blockchain Developer course (#10931)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: books/free-programming-books-subjects.md

* [Data Mining Concepts and Techniques](https://ia800702.us.archive.org/7/items/datamining_201811/DS-book%20u5.pdf) - Jiawei Han, Micheline Kamber, Jian Pei (PDF) (:card_file_box: archived)
* [Data Science at the Command Line](https://datascienceatthecommandline.com/2e/) - Jeroen Janssens
* [Elements of Data Science](https://allendowney.github.io/ElementsOfDataScience/README.html) - Allen B. Downey

> * [Feature Engineering an Selection](https://bookdown.org/max/FES/) - Max Kuhn, Kjell Johnson

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Feature Engineering and Selection: A Practical Approach for Predictive Models](https://bookdown.org/max/FES/) - Max Kuhn, Kjell Johnson
```
